Two fixes — rendering and actions specificity.

Fix 1: Actions must reference specific deal names

In server/orchestrator/report-orchestrator.ts,
find the system prompt section that defines the
actions array output format.

The NAMED DEALS RULES block instructs the
Orchestrator to cite deals in section content,
but the actions array has a separate format
instruction that may not reference the named
deals block.

Find the actions output format instruction and
add explicitly:

  "ACTIONS FORMAT:
   Each action must reference a specific deal
   name and dollar amount where applicable.
   CORRECT: 'Close Butterfly Effects Inc ($273K)
     — zero activities recorded'
   WRONG: 'Close or re-qualify. Deal has been
     dormant since mid-2025.'
   If the NAMED DEALS block contains deals
   relevant to this action, use the deal name
   and amount directly in the action text.
   Actions without specific deal references
   are only acceptable for team-level actions
   (e.g. 'Schedule Q2 pipeline kickoff')."

Fix 2: Chart title overlapping chart body

In server/orchestrator/chart-renderer.ts or
chart-intelligence.ts, find where the Chart.js
config title is set for QuickChart.

The title is rendering inside the chart area.
Fix by moving the title OUTSIDE the chart as
a separate HTML element, OR increase the title
padding so it sits clearly above the chart body.

Option A — increase padding (simpler):
  title: {
    display: true,
    text: spec.title,
    font: { size: 13, weight: 'bold' },
    color: '#1E293B',
    padding: { top: 0, bottom: 20 },  // was 10
  }

Option B — disable Chart.js title entirely and
pass the title as a separate caption in the
renderer (more control):

  In chart renderer: title: { display: false }
  In docx-renderer: add a paragraph with
    the chart title text ABOVE the ImageRun
  In pdf-renderer: add a div with title text
    ABOVE the img tag

Option B is cleaner — the title is then styled
by the renderer not Chart.js, giving full
control over font, color, and spacing.

Fix 3: Add bottom margin after charts
in PDF renderer

In server/renderers/pdf-renderer-v2.ts, find
where chart images are rendered inside reasoning
nodes. After the chart img tag, add margin:

  style="...margin: 8px 0 32px 14px;"
                            ↑
                       increase from 16px to 32px

This prevents the chart from bleeding into
the next section header.

---

Acceptance Criteria:

1. Actions reference specific deal names:
   "Close Butterfly Effects Inc ($273K)" ✓
   not "Close or re-qualify" ✗

2. Chart title renders above chart body,
   not overlapping bars or donut segments

3. No chart bleeds into next section header —
   adequate whitespace between chart bottom
   and next section title

4. Non-breaking: reports without named deals
   still produce valid (if generic) actions